Problem: no command to start a sandbox environment (#191)
crypto-org-chain/gravity-bridge: readme.md

Because the tests build absolutely everything in this repository they do take a significant amount of time to run. You may wish to simply push to a branch and have Github CI take care of the actual running of the tests.

### Building the images

To run the tests, you'll need to have docker installed. First, run the following to build the `gravity`, `orchestrator`, and `ethereum` containers:

`make e2e_build_images`

### Running the chains as a playground

There is a "sandbox" style test, which simply brings up the chain and allows you as the developer to perform whatever operations you want. 

To interact with the ethereum side of the chain, use the JSON-RPC server located at `http://localhost:8545`. You may choose to use `foundry` or `hardhat` to make this easier.

To interact with the gravity module itself, you'll want to build the `gravity` module locally by running the following command.

> `user@pc:/gravity-bridge/module$ go build -o build/gravity cmd/gravity/main.go`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`
cd module
make build
`
```

> You can then use this binary to interact with the Cosmos side of the chain. Check out the Cosmos documentation for more inforatmion on this.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can then use the binary in the build directory to interact with the Cosmos side of the chain. Check out the Cosmos documentation for more information on this.
```
